---
Title: "Journal: Me and Web Dev "
---

# Welcome

**Q&A** for my first Jekyll blog post.

Q: Now that you've learned a bit about what to expect in the course and the Web Development Industry, where do you see yourself at the end of your 16-week journey?

A: I see myself developing my skills at an increased pace and with much more direction than when I was self-taught. Already I have learned quite a bit and am enjoying the online classroom setting. I think in 4 months time I will have a solid foundation on which to further my web development skills.

Q: What about 6 months from now?

A: In 6 months time I hope to be employed as a junior web developer. I will continue to work on learning more and more to become a very reliable full-stack engineer.

Q: What about1 year from now?

A: At this point I hope to be secure in my career while still maintaining the focus and discipline for further study.

Q: Are you excited? Scared? Eager?

A: Yes

Q: What do you hope to accomplish?

A: I hope to provide for my wife and child with a job I enjoy. I hope to never lose my inquisitive nature that has led me to so many great things in life.

Q: Can you foresee potential roadblocks?

A: I am sure there will be unforeseen circumstances and problems that will arise but I have been through enough in life to deal with anything when the time comes.

Q: What can be done to prevent or circumvent them?

A: Extensive preparation but also knowing that nothing goes according to plan. Study as much as humanly possible while continuing tot ak diligent notes and reviewing flashcards everyday.

Q: Is there something that I, as your instructor, can do to help you on the road to success?

A: So far, I have absolutely zero complaints!
